# Poker-Game-Final
So I started this project off with the idea that I was going to create a 2 player poker game with visual aspects and a new wildcard feature. I didn't know how to use pygame when I started with the project and I really wanted to get started on it without learning new material at one point so I just started coding on a file where the output would be in console. I started by creating a deck and creating functions for all of the hands on poker. I would say that my console game was pretty successful. Although it is buggy, and professor rosen can pretty easily find some bugs within the game, I would say that it gets the point across and gets the main aspects of the game down. So, then I tried to take it a step higher and learn pygame. I started off by watching youtube videos and trying to figure out how to use visuals. Using the videos I was able to implement the card deck images but I wasn't able to understand how to render them onto the screen. I looked at code from some videos that were discussing other games and tried to implement visually rendering it into my card games. I didn't really know how to use coordinates successfully so that the cards were I wanted them to be so I used the help of chatgpt to calculate how to get the right x and y spots for my cards. Then, I ran into my biggest challenge, getting the input from the user to check bet or fold. I don't know if I should've approached it from a different perspective, but I thought that since I used text input in my console game, I could do the same in the pygame code. It was extremely buggy, and I couldn't really get it to work.


I would say that the project was really fun to do overall, and definetely a learning experience because the method writing and excersices that we do in class and on exams are compeletely different than coding an actual project. Although coding the algorithms and such are the same, organizing the code and understanding the execution is a whole different story! 

YOUTUBE VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vfzet9o30PI&ab_channel=DevPatel
